smug a little music for the Dawn brers and the root
[Music] Cutters D Brer root
cutter new singer Athena lover singing with The Muse dancing one
two she Whispers little thing in the wind to you hold my heart so dear a CA
bellisa do you like the hash I got the creeper reer we eat spaghetti for silly
assassin with the fruit and veggies out the corner copia here have a little
taste sipping wine iron flavor I got the bag of amethyst St bring her root
cutter new singer Athena
got the lavender by the box full Bobo riger Tony coming through high off the
contact it sounds nice fruits of Labor All Night the moon rise Dragon Queen
Taking Flight I sping away from the tree line that Bub make you feel fine House
of Frankenstein Wolf Man CH time Root cutter D Brer Phoenix Rising that's how
the devil rid D Brer R cutter new singer
AA welcome back to Lady Babylon this is initiating
apocalypse it's gon to burn tonight it's GNA sting you're going to love this what
I've got for you is just just Prime material tonight we watched that smug
sink oh God isn't it gorgeous to live in a time when you can watch the smug wiped
off of someone's face welcome back satanic
congregation chewy and I have brought you something together tonight that I think you're going going to really like
I think you're really gonna like this it's going to require that we look
directly into the mystery directly into that ancient
source of human religion the place that was the birth of all all that you and I
called Divine let's look right into the heart of it tonight tonight we're going into the
mystery and I want to start by saying we will see nostic informant at the end of
my presentation and he'll have some tidbits for for you and you know some things to sprinkle in some sources and
we'll get going Let's uh let's not waste much time tonight I want to jump right
into it but I want to set your mind is the as we're getting off the spaceship
here here we go we penetrated time and space and here we're right through that
wave bring you back right to somewhere sacred you know what I'm bringing you tonight right off the bat so those of
you who are on the thr get on it tonight I'm going to bring you this
ghost is is is uh is incredible and what I'm going to bring you is the singer I'm
going to bring you the B Priestess I'm gonna bring you
prime are you ready for this okay you know what or do we do we put the spray
down in the ship for the Bible scholars because I don't want any of them keeping out of the corners or anything all right
hit the first one chewy boom look at this people who do I bring you I bring
you the voice of the black Sphinx look at it
Greek students look at that first word sphos
GES that's the black Sphinx who is the black Sphinx this is real people this is
real look at it look at it who is she she's the singer we're going to have her
voice yeah what what is going on the Priestess is becoming she is
mimicking black Sphinx oh who's the black Sphinx this is
going to be some sexy sexy stuff hold on give me the next
one here she goes are you ready are you ready what virgin Muse
what pedo killing
eolian with her song is going to put us into a place where our flesh
melts where we fast are you ready um you thought you were coming tonight to this
to the ceremony right no she's here she's here this is her and what is she doing she's taking that she's taking
that away from us we're with the initiate this is
lron I know that's a name that nobody knows lerron was
probably uh probably the most difficult of All Greek authors and I'm talking
from Homer all the way up to the Byzantine stuff like 1100 um this is very very exqu you know
litha aside
archaic thec aside this is top dollar
this is oh my God oh my God hit me with
it again hit me with it again are you ready people listen to the voice of the Bic Priestess because that's who's
singing that's who's singing are you ready hit me with it yeah what sort of
thing are you g to see under her influence you're going to see the theast
dra you're going to see what the Beast shaped
Serpent and what is what what else Priestess what else um you know what is
not going to escape you we're gonna put those th those drugs
you mean this is a word for drugs yes it is it is and I'm not talking about
thronos talking about thona I know they sound alike they sound
just alike slight difference in tuning that's all justop okay it's a drug it's
a drug and what does she do she those drugs are mixed into the
barley wait a minute look I know there's people out there and they're raising their hands and here this is for you
naughty people don't get so excited oh that's just a start who is it
it's the cocan wait what yes you in
Coca something the drug you prepare the drug and that's what she's doing for us
and what is it going to give us look at the last
line what is k you don't want to know in that cup that
she's got for you is your doom isn't that great what do
you mean The KES who who you know who these are these are the beautiful
beautiful sisters who take your soul and cut it out of your
body oh God you're going to meet them
you wanted the right people I'm showing you the right this is from the Lips of an ancient
Priestess thanks to a just a great great nerd helenistic
nerd lerron thank you lerron thanks to pendar too for
preserving media's own words hit the next one chewy ready people watch this
what is that thing we're talking about venomous Beast people there's an neota there right just creeps in like that
we're talking about venomous beasts especially serpents do you know why Mo
held up the serpent because he was so deep in this cult he was talking he was
talking to Zeus god how many years is this before
Moses Moses comes up in the thirr century right fourth Century third Century first time we ever hear about
him who's that guy I don't know right it sounds like that guy museus wasn't he
around at the same time yeah what are they doing over there they're what are they doing in
Alexandria so before Moses showed up um this is the the model on which
everything of your religions are hanging it's a privilege people satanic
congregation it's a privilege to show you real it it's a privilege thank you
thank you give me the next one Watch What Happens people where do we find
that voice you know who has that voice that
gun it's K look at that first word you should you should make mental love to
call look at look at the accent it's gorgeous who is that that's
the one they call the Meda she's also the queen of Babylon she's she of many
names here she is you didn't know that that's who is performing this right
that's who is bringing your initiation you thought it was on one level and you
now it's on a bigger level that is exactly how the bakic right opens the
eyes you see who you are who is this who is she who is she she's the daughter of
e Kur look at what she is she's a Kur what is a Kur someone who is in the
bloom in the bloom Divinity does not age Justice
never aged she's the same now as she was 2,000 years ago isn't she gorgeous yeah
yeah Justice never ages hit it this is the Greek mind this is the the the Mind
from Antiquity that preserved the classics this is that mind and don't worry nobody knows
lerron well classicists Revere lerron because lerron is
extremely crazy with his vocabulary pulls words
out a thinner what who what there's a hop Hawks tonight that we'll look at oh
God Constructor imagine a muse that could could pull out of the emptiness
reality that is the power of the poet love it love it oh there who is is
that the alos look at that that's the alos couple of crosses on there but that's the alos you know it gets my goat
that we that we cannot put up anything that is classical
that is of a nature without some Force Sweeping in on
us yes but that's okay as long as you people are out there watching and
complaining we will put the crosses up for the sake of their viewership yes
what we do still gets my goat chewy what we do is we look into that cross of Christ
and we say what does it cover what does the Cross of Christ cover it's a
multitude of sins Penelope look at you Penelope give me the next one please go
away give me the next one boom watch this people you know that voice that we were talking about there's about 50
words for voice and Antiquity you these people the Greeks they're nuts about
voice when your language that you speak on a daily basis is a
song this is going to happen it's inevitable did you know there are two types of people in the world you you did
there are those who sing and those who don't imagine if all you were doing was
singing oh God oh God um yeah remember
8,000 ancient Hebrew right ancient just give you language 8,000 unique words
ancient Greek 1 to 1.5
million it's time we sing isn't it look at the name Orpheus here I just want you to see that what is this thing it's the
voice of passion this particular voice look they put some dirty Welsh up there
right I don't know how to say that where's all boy all boy get out there he's chasing down the purple he does the
w stuff too what is this tell me all would write to me and how do you say this kind of thing
shout shout what kind of shout the voice of passion oh God now bring me up L uh
sisters of frustration this is a voice that is
foreign to you this is the source of your
frustration The Voice must find a way
out or its concentration is so strong it just causes you to
explode yeah can you feel it ladies of frustration let it out this one's for
you tonight I know you like this I know you like this please please write me another
screed oh that's you know you could work on those a little
bit that was nice
don't you love the sisters of frustration people for those of you who
want to think about grifting right somebody said I was a
grifter um do you see any super chats here no you don't do you see me making
any money on lady Babylon no why because I have an agreement with
devil I take a penny I lose I lose the inspiration it's the way it is it's the
way it is has to be pure has to be pure you know it is a sign of your
age when you suspect that your age is the dark
ending um is when people who are something project it
because this is prison this is
hell and do you know why they're here they're here because they're polluted
and they will project that pollution as punishment don't you love that this
place belongs to Satan hell Satan love it okay here we go here we go hit me
with the next one oh you go give them something we need the dope tonight people this is this has got to be the
really good dope give me the next one okay um Muse thank you very much can you tell me Cleo can you please hone in what
is this passage that you're looking at in front of you this passage is from the book of numbers from The Book of Numbers
it's the only biblical passage we'll look at tonight but I want to throw it to you really quick um verse three uh uh
chapter I think it's two I don't remember to be honest and the Lord he heard the voice
of Israel and he gave them right what did he give he gave them
the Canaanites to be under their control and what did they do what did
they do they anathematized them and their
cities and what do you mean they anathematized um this is going to be
hard to look it right um we're going to take their cities and everything that's
in them we're going to destroy desty that stuff anything of value will put
together for later give me the give me the next one um I know it's dark people
but when you're sacrificing to that dark Divinity right you have to have blood
right remember Abel he's like d Kane what you sacrifice and Kane's like shut
up I have to farm he's like no we should let's take that goat and cut its throat
to our God and Kane was like shut up you know
what I mean you know the rest of the story right one time too hard Kane was big man been lifting those Bales all day
and boom right on him got him good um anathema what is anathema watch
this people I'm going to show you a divide I'm going to show you a divide between
languages remember history is all language
anatha what does it mean in Greek this is what this is what we're doing to
people in Canaan right um Palestine in Antiquity
Palestine we're talking about what do we do to them we wipe them out women men
children from the youngest to the oldest is that what anathema is no it's
a dedication on the Greek side it's a dedication you see this concept isn't
from the Greek culture this is uniquely non a Greek and the language shows it
look curse we're going to curse we're going to commit to Justice give me the
next one but what how is this word where do we find this word look here's the verb right devoted to evil wait a minute
what devoted to evil look at every reference right here every reference
here that's in blue right until we get to edius how many references 1 2 3 we
got three from the septu agent what are we talking about talking about a helenistic um use of a word that is
ancient that meant to curse and how are they going to change the use of that
word give me the next one please watch are you ready it's just from antham what
do you do when you anamy something you lay a burden upon you you attri something to someone you dedicate it is
a dedication it is not what you're about to see
but this is what it becomes give me the next one this is what the historical
narrative is trying to teach you from the third Century right oh here are all
the Greek roots for it blah blah blah hit me the next one right here is the word in Hebrew look it means to ban to
devote and to exterminate to what to
exterminate give me the next one these are exterminations that we're calling for
why because you're devoting those lives the people that you are destroying
you're devoting them to your Yahoo to your
God this is not Helen istic it is not
Greek give me the next one oh God where's the here we are most often of
devoting to destruction cities of Canaanites and other neighbors of Israel
Exterminating inhabitants and destroying Andor I'd put an Andor Andor
appropriating their possessions yes yes it all depends on
how much you destroy you know what can be salvaged from The Purge yes that is
historical non Greek right the text that is the septu
is the Greek and it's preserving something from the culture of those who
are writing it that is foreign to the Greek isn't it gorgeous it's like genes
on the end of those genes you know you you got little codes take off here you know this is the end right cut here clip
here whoop and then put Loop together and pow you got some like that you know Monster that does stuff in the cell it's
gorgeous give you the next one oh God isn't it beautiful okay now I'm gonna
give you one long text and then we're gonna turn away from text I'm gonna tell you a story tonight is everybody ready
here we go thank you for coming tonight by the way 620 thank you all to every every one of
you every 620 people out there give me a big hug I love it I
love and there was in those days right it came about that Jesus what he went
from Nazareth in Galilee and he was baptized in the Jordan River by
John right and what happened and immediately coming out of the water
Aiden what does Aiden mean it's a third person singular it means he
saw he saw this is not a crowd of people this is not John baptizing him although
John knew this would happen it's not John it's him he's
seeing it he goes into the water and what does he see what does he see he sees the uranos ripped open and he sees
this Dove coming upon him he's all freaking out and what does he say what does he say um hearing
voices you mean Jesus was hearing voice that's what it says look at verse 11
this voice out of the uranos what what happened just spoke to
him said you're my son you're my muchi coochie poochie
son a got right it would be a faction but it's
like kind of inappropriate because isn't this the isn't this the Christ right and he's all like he's in the right right
okay seems like it's a little bit you know but whatever whatever it's Dad and Son and one of them is totally knocker
on something John gave him the baptism people baptism comes from a word to die
to stain with drugs yeah to St with drugs give me the
next one give me the next one boom what is this and immediately the spirit threw
him out where do you go when you're under the influence into
Theon Aron eron and he was in the Aron
you know what I mean dude help this guy out he's in the
Aron and what's happening when he's in the air Amon he's he's doing what he is
there for 40 days right that's a long he's a good time man and what is he
being do what what's happening to him for these 40 days of wandering around
listening to The Voice from the uranos and the funny thing is uranos is in the
plural oh God you thought you were in one place you thought you were in the fairy tale and you weren't remember
there's different levels and all of that and Paul gets kicked up to one he's like oh I don't know if I was there or not
right but I saw this this is where Jesus is you didn't know that your religions
were drug Colts did you why don't you think Moses haven't you stopped for a minute dude is crouching in front of a
bush he's talking to God man just because you can't see it
doesn't mean the drugs can't enable you to go there oh God oh
God okay let's keep going there's going to be a revelation at the end of this you're going to understand the Bible
like you never did um I promise you I promise you what is the word that look people what does it say that he was I
need that passage once again it says he what happened to Jesus where was he going look at the bottom line and he
was he was with the beasts and the Angelo they did what they ministered to
him they helped him out they served him because he's with the beasts who are
these beasts now you can go to Sunday school and you can get a picture of Jesus out you know and being tempted and
you know maybe there's a there's a goat you know maybe there's a snake or something sther something like that you
know what I mean these people are so so stupid Oh my God okay look what's a the
what's a the it's a beast of prey people know this right because I've talked about this a lot but it's a beast of
prey especially something like a lion you know what I mean something scary like lions and tigers and bears right oh
my this is terrible this is terrible look at number two it's just living creatures look we can we sneak dolphins
in there seriously okay let's sneak dolphins in there too oh God look at the
bottom look at the Sphinx what is a sphinx I thought wait a minute we just talked lions tigers bears
dolphin and now a sphinx what the what is going on a sphinx is not a sphinx as
you know it yeah she is the one leading you remember the bakic Priestess is
mimicking that text says she's mimicking the voice of the black Sphinx the black
Sphinx was one historical woman and she is the one the
priestesses all mimic when they are entering the bakic rights isn't that
gorgeous she is the one where she come from where does she work
Thea well that sounds just like the Beast word that you just said yeah it does it does it blew up it blew up in
the end of the Bronze Age the whole island this it's you know it's a crater now with around it is beautiful the rest
of the island that by the way there food is fantastic fantastic discos open till
400 a.m. I think it was oh God you wake up on the Wake up in the sand you know
what I mean it's gorgeous lovely Thea but it's where the Prophecies of the
black Sphinx came from and remember in the PGM the black Sphinx remember who
she is okay keep going keep going you it's so deep right now you're sitting there and you're like oh did somebody
give me this something to drink do I have that potion hit it hit it look um the the Beast who are these beasts that
Jesus are with this is what we're trying to figure out so Jesus is out there he's just taking his stuff takes him 40 days
right with all of these beasts out there who with beasts and he's hearing what he
he's doing the voice thing and the angels what do you think that means when it says those angels are administering
to him what do you think it means you think they're walking around Jesus you need some toilet paper he's got to go
look look Harvey Harvey the angel did I told you to watch him if he needs to take a dump take the Divine toilet paper
and give it to him you know what happens to
christing yeah you know what happens you know what happens you can't right the
the ordure of the Christ is um you know it's
got the drug in it so we got to dispose of it properly right what do you think
the angels are sitting around sitting talking about garbage like that no these are angalo and
beasts and the visions that one gets when one is under the influence of the
drug right we've got the white paint on our cheeks to prevent the burning we put
the purple in our eyes and what do we do for our 40 days
we're around a group of people who are beasts what are those beasts keep going keep
going boom it remember people always follow the drugs always follow the all
you have to do is follow the science right and you'll be fine that fair is a
what is a what it's a centaur huh now you're confusing me and it's saders wait
a beast is a centaur and a Sader what's a Sader I know I know I
studied these Sader here is a dude who goes to a doctor and he says Hey I want
some cion and the doctor's like here you go have fun boom he goes home turns himself
into a Seder what does that mean it means he has
sasis unremitting sasis yeah that's a Readiness for human
intercourse MH the drugs that they're using make saders when Jesus is out
there in the wilderness and you have in the Aron the Aron is the void right it's
not like he went people think he just ran off in the desert you know what I mean a trail trail of bison or something
I don't know trail of big animals running after him and some angels
floating oh my God what kind of craziness will you believe
well now to that picture you can add you can add what was the what was the verse let's come back to that one but what was
the verse that we were just on boom yeah yeah yep there we go um it's
the centaurs and it's the saders so draw in your saders in the painting with Jesus drawing a bank of people with uh
you know how should we say at full attention right do you understand why it
is that when you you are in the void you're Tried by the
devil Tried by Satan this is the saturnian
Justice oh God it's gorgeous it's gorgeous give me the next one give me
the next you thought it was you know no the drugs will take you all every time if when you think it's really calm and
nice and sweet right just track the drugs and watch what they're doing these culture crazy look at the first word
fair that is that beast and what is the Beast um this is what the Centaur
calls um the person that you and I call Jason now yasa right the Divine Centaur Jason says
gave me the name yason show me yason this is the name look people you're
going to learn the name of Jesus tonight yonason
I know somebody's I know somebody's gonna say this TR watch wait you you you sitting right up front what do you want
to ask me oh that's the name of Joshua
right
no no it's not because the original text is not 8,000 words of Hebrew it's Greek
and this name goes back a thousand years before any Moses ever
existed give me the next one what does this name mean the Centaur gave him this name look at y
assimos this is the root we're looking at Roots here Yos and look at now the
ionian uhoh we're getting close to somebody we're getting close to Yus
everybody knows who holy Asus is what's that look at a people curable
wait a minute we're in medicine yeah we're with drugs look at the first word in Greek on that line
Faro how do you Yos how do you y my someone you yach my
somebody with Pho with
drugs you mean Jesus Christ means drugged drug
guy do you know how long I'm going to take a break here I'm going to tell you
do you know how long it will take for classes is first to back this
up to look at the text to look first thing we got to do make them look at the
medical side right once they start looking at the medical side and they track down these terms
they're going to say there's something there's something there and then it'll be a while just maybe a few years and
they'll start writing books like they've started writing books about drugs in the ancient world when I had to publish the
chemical Muse um with material that had to be removed from my
decree now they're going to write about it make some
cashola smug Sons oh no no cursing here
no cursing here on YouTube chewy what are those people what
are the people that take advantage of satanic congregation what are those
people let's go let's go back to the text where were we I had I had a little break that's good we were with yason
right give me the next definition there boom probably that one right it comes from this verb y my in case anybody
didn't believe me look it means to heal it means to heal cure treat diseases
cure look at number three cure the effects or counteract right and look at the examples they give it's going to
counteract the effects of the Conan the um Hemlock
right um antidotes go ahead and take it down healing is very much an Antiquity
the art of procuring antidotes and when I say antidotes I am saying
drugs do you know why Eve was was told by Yahoo that she would have birth that
was painful because there were [Music]
ways
is I'm sorry I'm sorry people am I back Che are we back we're back online
fantastic um I'm sorry that was Yahoo he needs a he needs a little attention can you throw me the Yahoo let's give Yahoo
a a little um remember Yahoo is born and when I say Yahoo I mean um Yahoo I mean
he who kicked out Eve right lied to her and then kicked her out he's a terrible Guy and um he has a birthday he was born
in the thir Century hit it chewy let's see that boom yeah take us there oh you
weren't running I caught you down no Yahoo hit Yahoo yeah no
Yahoo here don't worry we can all sit here while you find out no no I think
Chey what are you on man um right here Yahoo Yahoo when's your
birthday everybody happy birthday to
Yahoo happy birthday to
Yahoo happy birthday Elohim hasm
jeh it was in the thir Century there you go did you get enough
credit now all right thank you Yahoo here we go um look people at the name
Yus right it's the same name it is not the name Joshua it is a much older name
and it is the name of the one who is initiated by the
Kinton by the Centaur yes as everybody remember what
Centaur means does do we have any questions remember what Centaur means give me give me this no this one boom
here we go watch this Theon that's not no that's not it we need the next go to the next
one you need to put away the you need to put away the uh the uh here let me take
over chy just a second let me oh God it's it's gonna take a while to come up
what did I do what did I do that's not your fault it's my fault bad planning on my part um I'll show you that but first
look at the the on look at the the on it's a wild animal right and it's generally some kind of animal and if you
go down to the bottom which you know hates when you go to the bottom of things I don't know what that's from
it's got to be something psychological um passionate you know P poisonous
excuse me poisonous animal poisonous animal right we know look at what are
the thec what are what are the beasts that Jesus is hanging around with these
saders what are they doing give me the next one boom um thos something that's about venomous
beasts right you got arguments on those look who he gives he gives
diores right look at the next author pH luminus none of you have heard of pH luminus and Doris until you've come to
satanic initiation these are dudes in Antiquity who wrote about all the
products that you could use from snakes and from scorpions and from spiders all
sorts of um sea poisonous sea creatures right oh my God they're di in
a Valium from off the floor of sea what oh this is crazy yeah it grows in this
funny plant looking thing um look at the thec do we have drugs again people we're
with the Beast remember with Jesus and do we have drugs again look right in smack dab middle you see
theia Pharma what are those those are the drugs that are going to treat those
venomous uh uh those Venoms right those venomous creatures right but it's their
Venoms that they're treating isn't this brilliant you didn't know that you could make a
compound that would put you outside of time and space some of you
are like no no I did I did right no you didn't you did so in a unguided way you
did so in a way that you know um yeah yeah okay I understand I understand
you're trying to explore but if you're going to do it right you got to go all the way to death you have to see the
sisters you have to see the sisters of your doom if you haven't seen the sisters of your doom you're not going to
be able to bring back with you that reality and wake up and say I am not
afraid of dying that's why Yahoo kicked her out because her eyes were open and
you can't control somebody with fear when your eyes are
open yeah yeah it's that simple now have we come across have we have we achieve
this no we are not performing the mystery we are not yeah we are
not it's very complex people has to do with that
sasis you can bring somebody there's a sexual element to the ancient mystery
a sexual element can you believe that there's a death element there's a sex element and there's a singing some kind
of hypnotic brain thing coming out of the mouth of the black Sphinx and you'll
know it when you see her she rises from the dead she's the
queen it's lucus people right we're at elus and when you're brought back from
that you're alive you are alive oh God I love it I love it all
right let's go to the next one Chey hit me with the next one we'll catch up boom
yeah look at this people I'm just taking you all the Beast words th odma what is
a th oegma it's the bite of a serpent we're going to do these fast look at the it was dories that was on there see that
DSC these are all the drug texts nobody reads the drug
text right nobody reads a drug text I don't know why there's more drug text
than any other genre of literature did you know that you classicist hurry up
and verify this I have drug Pages sitting on my shelves than any other I
can take a 50 of those Iliad and pack them into
it give me the next one what is tho datos it means bitten by a wild beast
I.E a Serpent and then it gives more we have more D scores more Galen fantastic
next one thoas who who gets bitten by the Beast are you ready are you ready
marsus who who are marsus they're the Martians not like the guys on the red
planet right not like those guys these are guys that live in Italy and they very famously live around snakes right
these Marsh snakes terrible hit me to the next one hit me the next one when what happened to them what happened to
them listen the sanctuary of angitia the chief Temple and Grove of the Goddess
angia it stood in the southwest corner of Lake Fus the fusine lake near the
inlet to the tunnel of BlahBlah huha and giia was widely worshiped in the central
Highlands as a goddess of healing especially skilled to cure serpent
bites uhhuh by arms songs and the herbs of the Martian Woods
which was carried out by local inhabitants until modern times their
country was considered by Rome to be the home of Witchcraft do you know what our
ancient Greek authors tell us Anga was they say angitia was media she happened
to show up in Italy and uh cured showed people how to
cure the bites to the that people were getting from the local snakes using the
drugs isn't that nice using the local drugs you know that's why they called
her the the number one with the drugs she was number one oh love it love it
isn't that gorgeous give me the next one give me the next one who by the way whose voice was it that the black Spinx
is ultimately the model of it's the voice of media
it's her voice this is a very specific person in history and this is why juliia
Caesar took a portrait of media and placed it in the dedicated it to the
Temple of Venus right because Venus is urania the
muse yeah she was their Muse fantastic oh God it's gorgeous hit
me with the next we're going to show some new stuff watch this thonos this is somebody who kills somebody who
kills the Beast and what does that mean look at the word that they have there
fakon this is a description a word it's an adjective that's used to describe a
type of drug the Beast killer it kind of makes sense doesn't it remember we're at
the right and they told you hey she gave you that stuff and you drank it you're like yeah and you're like hey did you shove the Beast killer into your rectum
and you're like what yeah yeah you got to have the Beast killer right oops give me the next one
out in the arimon right Theos that means in the form of a beast and look at the
oric hymn look at the oric hymns there in the end you thought there was no connection between Jesus and the orix
there is direct connection within the language of Greek direct give me the
hymns what does it say in the hymns about or uh the morphic hims look at this people this is to the nads this is
to the nads and what does it say it says they are the ones who first brought the
holy rights of bakas and
Kora do you remember the queen I can't pronounce her name because they said this in Antiquity look people this
drives me a little bit crazy because this name is pretty popular it's the last name on the second line and they
said if you pronounce that you're in deep dooo I'm kind of
superstitious so I'm not going to pronounce it how did they what how what they substitute K the Kora the bloom
when you see the bloom Rising with bacus that's the
work that's the work of those who have that Beast form right along with Apollo
kopy right okay okay do you understand why it says Jesus Christ was with
beasts in the Aron watching the uranos
open and hearing the voice ah and then he's
ah devil ah God what a scene how come nobody puts that stuff together how come
we need a we need a movie about that who could we get to play Jesus I don't know I don't know not the guy that they're
getting Play Jesus though he's kind of I don't know he strikes me as I don't know
um let's go to the next one what's the other Beast form who who who else are we
talking about oh God oh God we're talking about
dragons
Mor yeah what's happening to us we're taking
the shape we're taking the Beast shape of the dark dragon that Dragon who
brings the Mist Of Death the dragon think about that for a
minute you're sitting there getting ready to go through this they've already given you some
drugs starting to feel funny get nervous and then they let you know when
you see the dragon who brings darkness and
you're like what excuse me you're going to be tried this is a
trial right this is not hippies doing drugs no it's guided trial and if you
don't know how to get through it you're going to be in trouble yeah you're gonna not fully come
back now do people die doing this of course they do remember Jesus is out there and
somebody runs up to him like oh my god I've got this little girl and she's totally zered she's in the escaton if
you come and help she'll come back to life yeah and everybody in the fairy tale says ski
ddoo skip come on Johnny come on Johnny give me your lunch money Johnny
no no no God exercise it's good
exercise exercise it give me the give me the toen B give me the go go go boom
just the next one chewy
thear that's what I need that which Ben nums right wait what that which be nums
serpents God I told you the dragon I told you the dragon was coming right do
you have the thear do you notice the Nar on the end of that that's where we get
our word narcotic narcotic can you believe that an anglosaxon you can't
even invent a word like Nar you can't even get the word narc that we have for
killing pain can't you can't oh god look look
look at the look at the look at the Anglo Saxon
oh I'm going to kill P you can see those guys tring around those
bogs right and they're all stinky big old hairy armpits and
everything oh my God give me the next
one theop plos struck by a poisonous animal good good let's get through these
theot tropos oh God oh my God what does this mean abounding in wild beast you know where
you go to be with these things you go to the Edon that's where you go that's
where they all hang out and what is sadio oh to make into a wild beast did
you know tonight we're gonna make you into a wild beast yeah you may meet
Jesus at the right he may be out there to all ah ah
devil that guy is is freaky he gets way out there he gets so gone you should
have seen John turning into a beast that's what we need we need Jesus and his crew turning into a beast this is
where beasts feed Thal Bots what is that it's where beasts feed
now look people in the parenthesis because nobody ever believes me until they go to the Greek look at the
OS what is that do you see Theon in there do you see it in there half beast do you
know why they call Centaur centaurs here we are chewy this is what I was trying to get to I'm sorry this was my this was
a terrible organization tonight for the people um I'm sorry people give me some
love please in the chat tell me it's okay and you love me and you won't leave me you dirty dirty
people fatal Minges what does that mean half beast that's what you use of a centaur now in the fairy tale right um
we get to the Modern Age and we're teaching mythology somebody some Brit writes down a little book you're oh
this is our mythology you morons
centaurs they no more thought that they were half horse half people
than oh God oh God what are the centaurs can you
show us the centaurs what is a centaur Che the next one what is a centaur you've got some um first of all when
you're th MOS you're mixed up you're with a diamon did you know that did you
know that that's a diamon that's a power that's a power guess who the author is who's telling us these things lerron
lerron very very difficult very very difficult
stop stop chewy go to the back of the ship for a minute please and tell Yoda
to get up here fatal plasto changing into Beast who changes into Beast we'll get to the
don't worry I'm going to show you the center who changes into beasts um people get forcefully changed
into Beast by Cersei why because she has
the drugs to do it you mean Jesus Christ and his seder buddies who are out there
you mean those people are working based upon the magic of the drugs of the
family that are called the daughters of the son Cersei and media yeah no that's
all coming from them right it's science people we build on science we have Nobel Prize winners
for a reason right you build your Society on
these advancements and in the Bronze Age this was the biggie this this was the biggie give me the next one thumos you
know what it means to have that beast in you what does it mean when you're under the influence and the Beast is in you
you're in the Aron you have that brutal mind you
didn't know that Jesus was intentionally putting himself into a state of
brutality oh my God oh my God why so he
could take on the shape the theomorphic shape the theomorphic shape I don't
think we put those in chewy I don't think we did I had a bunch of slides I think we missed them um that's okay
sometimes we're on sometimes we're not um what is the theomorphic thing look at this little thing coldon after in the
form of a beast what is a codon a codon is a bell look at the very bottom Dan
hates this the bell of the makone all right the bell of the
poppy the Bell of the poy is theomorphic yeah we didn't bring him
what is the Centaur go ahead and put up the rest rest of your pictures please jeie um and I'll finish up what is the
Centaur the Centaur is that Beast who is
the pastes the pastes you didn't see that
tonight did you I thought I put the PES in there I guess I didn't um the past
people people a centaur is a past and who is the
Meda she is the past killer the
past killer isn't that interesting what a
what a strange title to be walking around with Lady Babylon she of many
names the past killer that is what the
Priestess who is in the bonic Frenzy who is mimicking the voice of the black
Sphinx that's what she says I am the
Pedas killer Yes interesting interesting twist
right people were writing to me and they were saying my goodness well what are you doing you're just exposing these
terrible terrible rights yes we are and the deeper that you get into them the
more you will be able to appreciate the fact that the mystery was hijacked it was
hijacked by a group in the 3 Century it was created it was it was propagandized
into something that it wasn't in the
in the first century BC uh ad excuse me in the first century anod Dominy here he
comes here he comes and he's coming from this tradition Jesus Christ when he's
arrested in the garden with the naked kids screaming I am not a lce I am not a
child trafficker he is performing the
mystery in a perversion of History he is no longer the petas
killer he is the past I want to thank you for coming
tonight and now is is Gnostic I don't see nostic there he's not there he must
have gotten busy um Gnostic you got did you here let's text him really quick no
that's okay let's see let's see if he wants to here go ahead and text him chewy um and while you're doing that I
will let you know I wanted to let you give you some announcements anyway I want to say thank you to everybody who's
coming and everybody who's participating but I wanted you to know that um the uh
the scholarship behind this is getting some attention finally and what we need
people keep asking what you know documentary wise people are talking to me about documentaries now um what do we
need to do what you know know what kind of um how do we cover this material um
are there people that can verify yes the expertise is in the classical studies
it's in the language it's embedded in there and if we can bring that out if we can bring those experts forward come on
and and have them look at these texts they can verify everything that I'm saying it's very important for me that
you know that this these are just Tex that are facts of history there just
facts of History they're evidence these texts are evidence they are embedded in time and all we have to do you know we
don't have to look at them and believe them we don't have to make a cult we don't have to create some kind of Faith
No that's not what we're here for we're here to take those texts and say what do
they tell us about those people what do they tell us about our ancestors what do
they tell us about earlier civilizations and what happened to them most
importantly what do they tell us about civilizations that created the worship
of a muse and things like democracy sprang from it that's most important that well
is most important okay it looks like we're out of time tonight that's okay um
Neil have nice dream this is for Neil and his dream here Neil have a little
Spanky w thank you thank you for coming tonight I appreciate you being here it means a lot
to me that you care about these
texts hail [Music] Satan root
cutter new singer Athena lover d
bringer root cutter new singer Athena lover
D bringer root cutter new singer Athena
lover the devil rides out the Irish witch I'm with the Dragon
Lady don't I bring Roots I cut I am being Med's love
oh [Music]